Minimum qualifications:
Bachelor's degree or equivalent practical experience.
10 years of experience leading the organizational changes or process improvements within the corporate environment.
3 years of experience in people management.
Experience managing operations, including budget oversight and performance management.

Preferred qualifications:
Experience managing support teams for a consumer brand.
Experience leading support transformations during periods of crisis.
Ability to partner with Product, Engineering, and Marketing leadership.
Ability to navigate ambiguity and create structure, playbooks, and processes.
About the job
In gTech Users and Products (gUP), our mission is to advocate for Google’s users by creating helpful and trusted experiences across the product ecosystem. We achieve this by meeting partners and consumers where they are with support and help, representing their needs with our product partners and proposing fixes and features that elevate their engagement with Google's product ecosystem. Additionally we provide a range of product services that ensure our products are optimized for every user, no matter where they are in the world (e.g., localization, digitization, partner integration, and more).

Google creates products and services that make the world a better place, and gTech’s role is to help bring them to life. Our teams of trusted advisors support customers globally. Our solutions are rooted in our technical skill, product expertise, and a thorough understanding of our customers’ complex needs. Whether the answer is a bespoke solution to solve a unique problem, or a new tool that can scale across Google, everything we do aims to ensure our customers benefit from the full potential of Google products.

To learn more about gTech, check out our video.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $168,000-$249,000 + bonus + equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role, level, and location. Within the range, individual pay is determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education or training. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

Please note that the compensation details listed in US role postings reflect the base salary only, and do not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Learn more about benefits at Google.
Responsibilities
Provide leadership for critical support workflows including Social, Community, support and help center.
Execute a complete operational turnaround of our social support presence. Reincubate the entire operation to identify where the opportunities are. Partner with Marketing and Communications to manage escalations.
Evolve our nascent one-on-one support pilot into a differentiated service. Own the vendor relationship, define quality standards (Quality), and build the infrastructure for future premium support offerings.
Partner with the Content Lead to ensure our self-help ecosystem keeps pace with weekly model updates, shifting from static articles to dynamic, AI-first knowledge retrieval. Identify the opportunity and experiment with AI driven chat support.
Manage a team, by auditing ticket queues, reviewing user sentiments, and understanding the operational reality of the workflows.